fix: remove cosine similarity field with false assignment (#835)
docarray/docarray: docs/advanced/document-store/weaviate.md

```bash
Only results that have a 'weaviate_certainty' of higher than 0.9 should show:
         text=['Persist Documents with Weaviate.']
         scores=[{'distance': {'value': -3.5762787e-07}}]
```

> Note: For Weaviate, the distance scores can be accessed in the Document's `.scores` dictionary under the key `'distance'`.

Reviewer: same here

> It is noted, that for Weaviate, the distance scores can be accessed in the Document's `.scores` dictionary under the key `'distance'`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note: For Weaviate, the distance scores can be accessed in the Document's `.scores` dictionary under the key `'distance'`.
```
